Redirect to `snark-verifier` and add more context on why this is rebuilt (#10)
privacy-scaling-explorations/halo2-solidity-verifier: README.md

> ⚠️ This repo has NOT been audited and is NOT intended for a production environment yet.

Solidity verifier generator for [`halo2`](http://github.com/privacy-scaling-explorations/halo2) proof with KZG polynomial commitment scheme on BN254.

> For audited solidity verifier generator and proof aggregation toolkits, please refer to [`snark-verifier`](http://github.com/privacy-scaling-explorations/snark-verifier).

Reviewer: The audited version is on Axiom's fork. Should we redirect there? 
```suggestion
For audited solidity verifier generator and proof aggregation toolkits, please refer to [`snark-verifier`](http://github.com/axiom-crypto/snark-verifier).
```

Author: Good point, thanks for catching this!

Note that function selector is already included.

## Limitations & Caveats

- It only allows circuit with **exact 1 instance column** and **no rotated query to this instance column**.
- Currently even the `configure` is same, the [selector compression](https://github.com/privacy-scaling-explorations/halo2/blob/7a2165617195d8baa422ca7b2b364cef02380390/halo2_proofs/src/plonk/circuit/compress_selectors.rs#L51) might lead to different configuration when selector assignments are different. To avoid this, please use [`keygen_vk_custom`](https://github.com/privacy-scaling-explorations/halo2/blob/6fc6d7ca018f3899b030618cb18580249b1e7c82/halo2_proofs/src/plonk/keygen.rs#L223) with `compress_selectors: false` to do key generation without selector compression.
- Now it only supports BDFG21 batch open scheme (aka SHPLONK), GWC19 is not yet implemented.

## Compatibility

The [`Keccak256Transcript`](./src/transcript.rs#L19) behaves exactly same as the `EvmTranscript` in `snark-verifier`.

> ## Why
> 
> The existing solidity verifier generator in `snark-verifier` has a few problems:
> 
> - Generator only receives low-level operation like add or mul, without hardwork to analyze these operations, it currently unrolled all the assembly codes, so it's easy to grow out of contract size limit even with a normal size circuit.
> - Complicated abstraction & APIs to consumers.
> 
> So this repo is rebuilt from scratch, with focus also on codesize and readability, and surprisingly the gas cost is similar (even a little bit less) compared to the one generated by `snark-verifier`

Reviewer: I applied some manual and GPT round editing to improve readability.
```suggestion
## Design Rationale

The current solidity verifier generator within `snark-verifier` faces a couple of issues:

- The generator receives only unoptimized, low-level operations, such as add or mul. As a result, it currently unrolls all assembly codes, making it susceptible to exceeding the contract size limit, even with a moderately sized circuit.
- The existing solution involves complex abstractions and APIs for consumers.

This repository is a ground-up rebuild, addressing these concerns while maintaining a focus on code size and readability. Remarkably, the gas cost is comparable, if not slightly lower, than the one generated by `snark-verifier`.
```

Author: Looks much better now!
